10878 xpanse cortex xdr (#34933)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/ReleaseNotes/3_0_39.md

> #### Integrations
> 
> ##### Indicators detection
> 
> - Fixed an issue in CoreIRApiModule by adding a flag to the authorization process.
> 
> ##### Investigation & Response
> 
> - Fixed an issue in CoreIRApiModule by adding a flag to the authorization process.

Reviewer: 1. the change is relevant only for XPANSE so to avoid confusion, let's hide the RN for other marketplaces
2. `CoreIRApiModule` is something that customers are not aware of, see my suggestion
```suggestion
<~XPANSE>
#### Integrations

##### Indicators detection

- Fixed an issue where the integration commands failed due to a change in the API request process.

##### Investigation & Response

- Fixed an issue where the integration commands failed due to a change in the API request process.
</~XPANSE>
```
